docs: update for 0.38 (#16501)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/basics/01-tx-lifecycle.md

## State Changes

The next step of consensus is to execute the transactions to fully validate them. All full-nodes

> that receive a block proposal from the correct proposer execute the transactions by calling the ABCI function `FinalizeBlock`. 

Reviewer: Possibly here, still link the `./00-app-anatomy.md#beginblocker-and-endblocker` section which will probably explain what FinalizeBlock does once updated.

While each full-node runs everything locally, this process yields a single, unambiguous result, 
since the messages' state transitions are deterministic and transactions are
explicitly ordered in the block proposal.

```text
		-----------------------
		|Receive Block Proposal|
		-----------------------
							|
				v
		-------------------------
		| FinalizeBlock	        |
		          |
			  v

> 				-------------------

Reviewer: can we get the pretty alignment back?

Author: do you know an extension to do this?

Reviewer 2: This diagram will suffice for now but I think we should get the icf designer to do a fancy version wyt?

Author: im good with that

## State Changes

The next step of consensus is to execute the transactions to fully validate them. All full-nodes
that receive a block proposal from the correct proposer execute the transactions by calling the ABCI function `FinalizeBlock`. 
As mentioned throughout the documentation `BeginBlock` `ExecuteTx` and `EndBlock` are called within FinalizeBlock. 

> While each full-node runs everything locally, this process yields a single, unambiguous result, 
> since the messages' state transitions are deterministic and transactions are
> explicitly ordered in the block proposal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although every full-node operates individually and locally, the outcome is always consistent and unequivocal. This is because the state changes brought about by the messages are predictable, and the transactions are specifically sequenced in the proposed block.
```

  happens because they may not have seen the same transactions during the addition to Mempool stage 
  and a malicious proposer may have included invalid ones. One difference here is that the
  `AnteHandler` does not compare `gas-prices` to the node's `min-gas-prices` since that value is local
  to each node - differing values across nodes yield nondeterministic results.

* **`MsgServiceRouter`:** After `CheckTx` exits, `FinalizeBlock` continues to run
  [`runMsgs`](../core/00-baseapp.md#runtx-antehandler-runmsgs-posthandler) to fully execute each `Msg` within the transaction.
  Since the transaction may have messages from different modules, `BaseApp` needs to know which module
  to find the appropriate handler. This is achieved using `BaseApp`'s `MsgServiceRouter` so that it can be processed by the module's Protobuf [`Msg` service](../building-modules/03-msg-services.md).
  For `LegacyMsg` routing, the `Route` function is called via the [module manager](../building-modules/01-module-manager.md) to retrieve the route name and find the legacy [`Handler`](../building-modules/03-msg-services.md#handler-type) within the module.
  

> * **`Msg` service:** Protobuf `Msg` service is responsible for executing each message in the `Tx` and causes state transitions to persist in `FinalizeBlockState`.

Reviewer: nit: casing of `FinalizeBlockState` to `finalizeBlockState`
